hello friends today we will
blast samsung galaxy s4 smartphone and
let's start let's consider
the box the box is pretty kion and in general
not the usual with wood texture let's
consider here we have brief
specifications
16 gigabyte version is my version
life 9,500 i.e. eight
samsung exynos processor so let's
open the box and see what
Well, of course, the samsung smartphone itself
galaxy s4 so far we set it aside
next we have documentation too
texture tree everything is exactly the same
paper here, though such a film
pasted unusually was black farther off
we are cable microusb and little white
cable is such a white cable
charging where without it all all
accessories
white and headphones are such headphones
gag such here and let's move on
to the appearance of the device the appearance of
it is the same as samsung galaxy s3
that is, it is all the same plastic
water yes you might even think what
This is a metal rim but
nifiga
After all, a smartphone made of plastic, like all
samsung galaxy galaxy models ie
here we have the menu button the home button and
back button like all samsung design
not at all surprising and let's
look at the connector buttons which
here we have here the power button
miniusb connector
headphone volume control
13 megapixel camera which made
makes just great shots even
better than iphone 5 i think so here
us front camera and let's
let's go to the smartphone with all my heart
smartphone is an eight core
samsung exynos clock processor
frequency of 1 and 6 megahertz
but you can have 44 quad
then what is your model
with my 9500 on an 8-core processor
the screen here is super amoled with resolution
1920 to 1080 display just
I like wonderful even more
what to do with Ivan here
vigorous here
viewing angles are also just awesome 2
gigabytes of ram batteries on
2600 billionaire she gives power
your smartphone for the day
you have enough for a day and let's
look at what is capable of this
smartphone go to the tests and look under
axis shoe gives 29,000 97 points or
parrots outlines the standard he gives
13000 222 points
Tanki cool results simply
stunning results
the smartphone itself also makes me very happy
I think this can be finished, but no, I
forgot something who watched the presentation
samsung galaxy s4 these will understand me then
have all been presented and these new
chips but I'm half chips on included
because well because they are first
batteries and I don't need them even
half did not understand them in these chips
but one thing and still I turned on
I'll show you what she is
we wave our hand like this before
a smartphone and it should show if u
us missed calls or not should
light up blue garbage come on
Come on Masha is doing something wrong
it turned out well come on dude I'm upset
I'm all blue This is garbage
caught fire and we see here but
missed calls 0 text messages
and 90 percent of the charge, I think everything is possible
everything about this smartphone tell more
can you tell what the case is not
demountable
that is, there we have one SIM card slot
and cards krusty that is, buy
because at 16 gigabytes and + card at 64
gigov you get dofigischa just
of memory
and in 6 van so you will not work there
I think the minimum size
it is 32 gigabytes and there is no micro sd slot
like as i read out power left no place
as some wrote I do not know believe
this or not so thank you all
dear friends for watching put huskies
subscribe to the channel I hope you
liked my video
so good luck everyone all bye